Let's take a look on how to improve our motto we just saw this Jupiter notebook that our model accuracy
wasn't that great actually terrible.
And let's take a look on how can we improve our model.
The first step that we need to perform is all data normalization.
OK.
So as you guys can recall for example here I plotted the Mean area versus the mean smoothness.
As you can see here that means smoothness is let's say these are actually very small numbers from point
0 6 let's say point six over the mean areas and looks twenty five hunters.
OK.
This data is actually going to cause a lot of problems when we train our machine learning model.
And that's why one of the key elements in here is try to kind of normalize our data which is in very
simple terms.
We're going to use what we call it unity unity base normalization which is we wanted to get all the
data to be from between 0 and 1.
That's the whole objective.
So we're going to show you how can we do that in just a notebook and a bit.
But just a quick overview.
This is again the area.
This means smoothness these are just larger values in here here as you can see after normalization you'll
find that the mean areas from between 0 and 1.
And again that means more this again between zero and one.
All right.
And again with the zero indicates the malignant case the malignant cancer.
And if it's one that means it's benign.
All right.
How can we do the United Beys normalization.
Robert call it features killing we simply subtract each of the sample points by the minimum value and
we divide by the range or the X Max minus X-Men that will tell us that would give us kind of normal
the data between 0 and 1.
It's really simple and we'll see how can we apply that normalization and can improve the results of
the model dramatically.
All right.
OK.
So the next optimization now can do.
Can we do in the SVM in when we use the SVM we use kind of the default parameters.
OK we didn't hear any of the parameters.
We just called as SVM and it was just you know it was just fine.
All right.
Obviously the results were great because they were optimized right.
So we have two key parameters that we can actually optimize during the during that process which we
call it see parameters and gamma parameters.
Okay.
So the first prime minister will call the see parameter.
OK.
The C parameter simply controlled the tradeoff between classifying taining points correctly and having
kind of a smooth decision boundary.
OK.
It might seem a little bit like strange but again it's really simple.
So the whole idea is we can use a parameter which is an emitter that can kind of specifies the penalty.
OK but how can we penalize the model if it misclassified as a data point.
OK.
So if we use a small c that.
That means we are assuming that our model or our penalty is kind of loose.
It's kind of a cool teacher in a way.
OK.
So if if the model classifies our data set misclassified or data set we to assume that OK we're not
going to penalize you that much.
That means we can hived kind of a smoother boundary between the two classification points between the
two classes.
OK.
That's when we have a small value of c..
However if we have a large value of c that means we can have a very strict model that means the cost
of misclassification can be very high which means if we do something wrong if we misclassify any of
these points OK we need to kind of bend our boundary a little bit more which means we can have kind
of more detailed or more fine line in here not a line anymore.
And I even have kind of more
strict or more decision line that kind of fitted specifically for this training dataset.
So this is kind of when we have a smaller value of c and this when we have a larger value of seats we
have larger value of c we can actually might be prone to overfitting which means we are overfitting
our training specifically for the training data set which means if we expose that model to training
to data which is kind of testing data that the model hasn't seen before then it might actually be prone
to misclassified which means Y because the model is not trained specifically or to generalize on any
dataset.
As you can see here if we try to change for example the C value from C let's say 1 to 10 to a hundred
and thousand you will see that the boundary layer starts from being very smooth which is when we have
a small value of C which is kind of we have a very low penalty if you do something wrong that's fine.
We're just going to keep it kind of smooth as much as we can.
OK.
To actually moving to a larger value of C which is a very strict boundary.
Which means that OK if we do something wrong we're going to penalize really high and that's why we're
going to come up with this kind of you know more overfit it or stricter boundary line correct.
So that's the first parameter is quality parameter.
Right.
Let's take a look at the other parameters called a gamma parameter.
So again a parameter control is how far the influence of a single taining set reaches.
OK.
We just kind of specify the spread of our influence of the data points.
If we use a large gamma large value of gamma that means we're going to have a close reach.
What do you mean.
That means we're going to focus only on the points very close to the hyperplane.
That means these points in here are our points of interest.
We have much higher weight which means that OK if we have a larger gamma What do you expect are going
to be more generalized or more overfit it actually going to be way more overfit it's.
Which means that our lines in here we can focus on these points and ignoring the other way points from
the from the hyperplane.
Right.
OK.
That's the first part.
If we have larger gamma and that's why we can end up with like combine like this.
Basically if we have washerman However if we have a small gamma that means we're going to have far far
small gamma.
That means we have four each we'd have kind of a more generalized solution.
As you can see here the points or the inference of the points are going to be kind of widespread.
So we're not going to concede that only the pounds the only the point on the boundary actually going
to consider way more points.
OK we're going to cover a lot more space so we can achieve more generalized solution.
So the key question is how can we optimize these parameters.
Normalization is fine.
We can do normalization are going to show you how can we do no motivation.
The question is how can we optimize the C and gamma parameter OK.
Luckily we're going to show you that there is a technique that's really easy you can use kind of a grid
search.
We're not going to go and actually try you know like by trial and error we're just going to run kind
of a grid search of tell us OK this is the best the best game for our our our model or specifically
for our data.
And then we're good to go.
And then you can have a way better accuracy moving forward compared to the terrible actually accuracy
that we had before as we saw.
We're going to implement maybe two improvements within the model.
The first improvement they're going to perform normalization which is simply scaling back the data to
be all the data to be very useful ranging from zero to one.
And then the next improvement that we're going to Turenne the VC or support vector classifier to simply
tune the gamma parameter and the parameter as we saw earlier.
OK let's take a look at the first model improvement first.
So the first step is that we're going to do that we're going to perform normalization.
Okay.
So I'm going to do that first.
We're going to get the men value of all the men of Xchange first.
So we're going to normalize the X-raying data so explain that are going to the myth method method men
that just simply get us the minimum value.
OK.
And then the next step we're going to get there within the range which is simply after we're putting
that age out there were the men then we can subtract the training data minus Minimed value and divided
by the range that will pretty much kill our our our future.
The next step we're going to define OK range underscore trained obviously can do it in one step here
I'm just doing it in multiple steps.
So we're going to do that we're going to subtract extreme minus men on the train which is what defined
earlier we're all going to do that because we need to get the range which is going to do the best method
Max to simply give me the maximum value.
OK so now we have the maximum value.
Now we have the range simply now have the minimum value.
Let's actually do the scaling.
So we're going to do X underskirt train but we're going to call it scaled scaled.
We can call it whatever you want obviously.
And then afterwards we're going to do that we're going to subtract X train which is any data point minus
minimum of the cochain and we get divided by the range on the score.
Let's run this game and we're good.
So now we have Eckstine scale which is perfect.
Let's make sure that we are on the right page.
OK.
So the first step is that we are going to simply know that scatterplot which is s n s is simply Seaborn.
We plotted before the mean area and the smooth smoothness before the scatterplot.
The visualization section.
All right.
So let's make sure that we actually did the scaling correctly.
OK.
Or did the normalization correctly the first step.
We're going to first plot the data OK using seaboard.
So we're going to do again I'm just copying the comment here.
It's really simple.
So we're just going to either scatter plots.
OK.
What we did that we were in the main area versus means smoothness when you selected the US to being
white.
OK let's srong this.
That would show us the actual trailing data without the scaling.
OK what we could do is that we again as you can see here the value of the areas ranging down two hundred
twenty five hundred which is not acceptable.
Are we going to do they're going to run again the same value or the same command but without extreme
rishonim extremes killed and Y and X extreme scaled.
OK.
That means killing data.
So as you guys can see here is the the data is exactly similar.
However the range here is totally different.
So everything all the data is going from zero to 1.
Ok so now we just did like a feature scaling or we did unity normalization and now we're pretty much
ready to actually train the data set or change the model again using the newer normalized training data.
All right.
Right.
Let's perform the same features scaling or the same mobilization again.
But on the testing data set.
All right.
So we're just going to pretty much copy the same commands again here.
So we will see that there is access again in the minimum that will give me the test.
Again you can do it in one one one step and then we get the X test minus the minimum value and then
we get the maximum out of all this which is why the range and then we get to that scale the testing
dataset X test minus men divided by the range will give me the x scale.
And again if we on it then we're good.
And the next step is that we wanted to again turn the model but instead of changing it again with the
data or the of data we're going to use these killed data or normalized data set to change one model.
All right let's run it again.
So we're getting it right as we see that model which is the exact same one that we had before.
OK.
Actually as we see underskirt a model and Dot fits.
But instead we actually not use x underscore train underscores scaled right along with why underscore
tree that would simply fit our model.
OK so we fit the model now we're good.
The next step is that we want to again do the predictions.
The confusion matrix and the heat map let's go up and let's copy the commands so we have our Y predicts.
OK so now within the model it's a new company cells.
Right.
So let's evaluate our new model using the newer dataset that we all play before.
So we're going to do that when right.
Underscored predicts.
OK.
And we're going to use the again predict method on our object as VCM the model Daut predicts But instead
this time of using the X test.
We actually can write X tests skil datasets like that from this day.
Now what happens actually this creates some nuisance.
The next step I'm going to use the confusion matrix that we have exactly the same as we had them before.
When I see them equal to confusion and the score matrix and they're going to use our true value which
is weightiest are two values.
And then we're going to use y underscore predict which is simply the predictions that we obtain here.
All right.
Let's run it.
So now we're good.
The next step is that we wanted to plot our heating up so we can use the seaborne library s and s dot
map.
Right.
And all we're going to do they're going to write We're going to select our confusion matrix and I'm
going to enable the annotations to be simply true.
So we can actually view the numbers right.
OK I think we are good let's give it a shot.
OK.
Perfect.
Now we actually have way better results if you guys can see.
We have 43 correct classification.
We have 66 Coretta's litigation and we have only classified or misclassified 5 samples only.
Which is great.
That means we are doing absolutely great.
The next step is we're going to do.
They're going to plot OKALIK classification report that what kind of class that could give us like you
know kind of a summary of our performance.
Right.
Going to do it again like Prince and they're going to use classification board just to class.
Just to remind you guys too we had our when we imported the metrics we imported confusion matrix and
we put our classification report as well.
All right.
If you go down here which is going to print our classification report and then we're going to use our
many true values along with the predictions going the right way and the tests and.
Why underscore predicts which is our predictions.
Let's give it a shot that will tell me our accuracy is on point 6 which is great which is kind of you
know like a summary of our performance which is 96 percent.
That's actually not bad.
Actually we haven't done anything different.
We haven't even tuned the parameters of the support that they're machine.
What we did is we just we did normalization.
That's all what we wanted.
That's kind of the first improvement to our model.
I hope you guys enjoy that section and see you in the next section.
The next improvement that we're going to do to the model that will try to optimize our C and gamma parameters
of the support vector machines.
Right.
The only problem is how can we actually search for the best values are the best parameters of C and
gamma.
Luckily Skillern actually had a kind of a method that tells us or provides all the grid search for us
its search for the best parameters.
And you don't have to worry about it which is going to tell you okay that we're best this or best estimate
or it can just use it.
And let's give let's give it a shot and let's see how can we search for the best parameters.
The first step is we're going to call simply we're going to define our range so we're going find we'll
call it program grids and then we're going to define OK we're going to look into the sea will not try
to optimize our perimeter and our gamma parameter.
OK.
And what do you.
Colonel RCF or radial basis function and here we're going to specify simply our range so here we get
a look from Pinpoint 1 110 and hundred and gamma.
We're going to be that simply we're going to create our grids to look to search for to look for it.
You looking at between let's say point 1 1.1 point or 1 and point 0 1.
Right OK.
The next step is we're going to import the grid search C-v from escolar so going to right from from
scaler dot model selection and we're going to click Import grid search CV.
All right.
OK so now we're good.
The next step is we're going to use grid search C-v to simply search within our grids right.
So we're going to do it that we're going to simply use our as we see objects.
Right.
Which is support for stand for and support the vector classifier and we're going to do with going and
use our grade that were created before which is parameter underskirt grades which is our trade that
we had.
And here we're just going to write refits equates to and for very Beauce we're going to specify 2 4
5 or whatever simply that we're just going to show us how many values that we want to display while
searching for our great.
OK.
And I'm going to show you exactly what you mean by this.
That would simply return our grids.
OK.
The next step is that we're going to simply use our grids to fit the training data which is in this
case I'm going to use my skill training data to actually get even better values compared to the data
that original data that we have.
All right.
So we're going to do.
They're going to use grids.
These are objects that we had when he used the fit method on our grids simply using the X underscore
train the scores scaled
along with y underscored.
Right.
Okay great.
That's right.
All right.
So that's Ronit so going around Preem great.
And then we're on the import and then we're going to run the grid search.
And then afterwards we're going to run the fit simply using the extreme scaled and the Y.
All right.
So if we scroll down here it will show you that it has been searching for the best you know values of
gammoned see and what we need to do that we need to get our best value is simply using grids.
OK so we're going to do we're going to use grids Daut best underskirt pram prims.
All right.
That would show us our best value section and tell me OK the best values to choose is actually if you
see of 10 and gamma of point 1.
Right.
That's the best that is right.
Okay great.
Let's keep going.
So what we could do afterwards we're going to use our grid dot products to simply use the kind of predictions
Plus the confusion matrix with the best values are the best parameters that we had already.
All right.
So we don't need to actually go and rerun it again.
We can actually run it directly on our grid object.
So we're going to do it right.
Great.
Dodd predicts and we're going to use going to use our X underscored test underscores scale values right.
That well should tell me or my grade predictions.
You can call it whatever you want.
OK.
That would give me my good prediction.
That's kind of the output using the best or optimized values.
All right.
So now we have our great predictions.
The next step that we're going to compute our confusion matrix Metsi and equals to confusion confusion
on the score matrix.
And we're going to specify again our why tests and our great predictions.
The exact same fashion as we had earlier.
All right.
Let's turn this.
We're good.
The next step we're going to create again our heat maps we're going to use seaborne Asinus dot heat
map and we're going to use our confusion metric CM but we use a notation equals two right.
Right.
Let's run this as well.
OK.
That's actually even better.
So as you guys can see here we found that we only misclassified only three points.
OK.
Which is obviously better than misclassifying only 5 points and that means we are actually on the right
track.
That means we are using are optimizing the values of the of the machine and setting it to seek withstand
gamma equal point one that actually dramatically improve the results.
All right let's plot the classification report.
So if we go up here if you recall we had our classification report.
So just going to print our classification report when instead of why predict we're just going to use
our wide basically great predictions instead.
Right.
So let's try it.
Actually we reached 97 percent accuracy in sort of the previous 96 percent accuracy which is even greater.
And we only again misclassified three samples right.
One last point that I wanted to summarize is that here we had the misclassification points.
It's actually type 1 error which is perfect which is obvious not perfect.
We would love to have on the percent.
But here we only showed that we only have 3 misclassified samples of type 1 error.
Why.
Because here the my predictions said that the cancer was malignant which is close to zero.
However it was simply the patient was fine was just benign He had a benign cancer which means we are
even if we misclassified free samples.
It's kind of you know type 1 error which is not terrible or not too bad.
I hope you guys enjoyed that section and I hope you enjoyed the case study and see you in the next section.